Clarify object safety rules for methods striked from the vtable (#965)
rust-lang/reference: src/items/traits.md

Object safe traits can be the base trait of a [trait object]. A trait is
*object safe* if it has the following qualities (defined in [RFC 255]):

* All [supertraits] must also be object safe.

> * It must not require `Self: Sized` (i.e. `Sized` must not be a [supertrait][supertraits])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Sized` must not be a [supertrait][supertraits]. In other words, it must not require `Self: Sized`.
```

Let's avoid the latinisms like "i.e."

* It must not have any associated constants.

> * All associated functions must "dispatchable from a trait object" or "explicitly non-dispatchable from a trait object":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All associated functions must either be dispatchable from a trait object or be explicitly non-dispatchable:
```

*object safe* if it has the following qualities (defined in [RFC 255]):

* It must not require `Self: Sized`

> * All associated functions must either have a `where Self: Sized` bound (reciever type of `self: Self`implies this), or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* All associated functions must either have a `where Self: Sized` bound (reciever type of `self: Self` implies this), or
```
